in stavropol arrested drivers a
the reason would seem to be absolutely irrelevant
improbably the car rendered
tinted glass this of course
administrative offense but in
camera for this never send
Kazakhstan was particularly shocked not to say
nothing until the last was sure that everything
joke in progress
Moscow Polish persons did not respond
categorical will be so with everyone as far as
will plant know Constantin wings
the last days is a familiar picture
moscow polish streets within
clean glass operations which between
a motorist
otherwise, the traffic cops do not call the traffic cops
Stavropol region declared war tinting on their
According to the car blacked out
glasses in the Caucasus have become almost
unchanged attribute most
committed crimes we are all
we understand that for example the custom operator of the region
it remains as if
secondly it means
how are they growing vehicles
for us both to exchange for specific
actions
as it is due to the fact that at first
drivers closes the review on hi tatyana
Tikhomirov car
April dog started last
moment refused rubles
in the red group
however, neither party claims
and beautiful
fine 100 rubles not only reason
Mad Hatter Victory Thought
and found the same way will work on
violators
stopping attack it nervous in a circle
car inspector besides the usual and
dancing gives the driver a prescription with
requirement to remove the dark cover with
glasses for a day this guy
got the same for the second time in a week
defiance
he explained to the police officer that he seemed to be
he does not want to rastonize his
there is no such desire to play connections
toned
this is repeated all the more already passed
enough time to eliminate
the person did not comply with the violations
measures are taken
article
19 3 gets almost under escort
accompanied by a police car
malicious violator goes to court
here it is clear that the case takes
serious turn he is not so categorical on
north of those
so even stations
instead of this place
active repentance is of course good
that's disrespect for the law badly decided
court convicted
administrative offense
provided for in part one of article
19 17 03
Administrative Code
offenses of the Russian Federation
sentenced as
administrative arrest for a period of one
day it is of course illegal that is
when sex and if so say differently to this
issued an order to eliminate a
failure to comply with this regulation
involve people in administrative
responsibility is not true we want
one to punish the driver for that
PC
therefore, it was considered but
everything must be done by the law and then about
making changes in this case and
additions to the administrative code
offenses in this connection between
clean operation continues
glass police officers now
more than two hundred attributed
most drivers but only
hearing
but the real opportunity to get
prefer to jail
get rid of toning right on
place without leaving the inspector
enough did not become the premiere of detention
for those who will be sodium yet
Nobody considered sledding requirements
they themselves do not hide the traffic police
rely primarily on
preventive effect of their
action
after this ceiling potters repeat
Channel 5 Stavropol